h1. Overview

User Dock is a @lightdm-webkit@ animated greeter theme that uses a dock-styled user list.


Dock is provided by: "CSS Dock V2":http://michaelhue.com/cssdock/.

h2. Prerequisites

Both lightdm and lightdm-webkit-greeter are required.

Enable @ligthdm-webkit-greeter@ by editing @/etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf@ and by setting @greeter-session@ property to @lightdm-webkit-greeter@ :

bc. 
[SeatDefaults]
#greeter-session=lightdm-gtk-greeter
greeter-session=lightdm-webkit-greeter
user-session=your-session (gnome,cinnamon,xfce...)

h2. Installation

Arch users can install using their favorite AUR pacman wrapper. Others can install manually:

# Download "User Dock Theme":https://github.com/lots0logs/lightdm-webkit-theme-antergos/zipball/master
# Unzip it.
# This should create a folder named like @lots0logs-lightdm-webkit-theme-antergos-28c4b13@
# Rename this folder to @userdock@ (so that the complete path becomes @/usr/share/lightdm-webkit/themes/userdock@)
# Edit the resource @/etc/lightdm/lightdm-webkit-greeter.conf@ and set @webkit-theme@ property to @userdock@ :

bc. 
theme-name=Adwaita
#webkit-theme=default
webkit-theme=userdock
font-name='DejaVu Sans'
xft-antialias=true
xft-dpi=96
xft-hintstyle=medium
xft-rgba=rgb

Now if you restart your computer (or at least if you restart lightdm), the User Dock greeter theme should be activated. 

h1. Uninstallation

To uninstall, simply restore the @greeter-session@ property of the @/etc/lightdm/lightdm.conf@ file and restart your computer (or at least lightdm).

You may also want to :
# Remove the folder @userdock@ created in @/usr/share/lightdm-webkit/themes/@
# Restore the @webkit-theme@ property of the @/etc/lightdm/lightdm-webkit-greeter.conf@ file

h1. User icons management

To change users icons, there are two options :

* Create a @.face@ file in the user's home folder in which you put a @jpg@ or @png@ resource

Or 

* Create a resource named with the user's login in @/var/lib/AccountsService/icons/@
* Edit @/var/lib/AccountsService/users/<userLogin>@ and add a property @Icon@ targeting the icon resource you just created

This theme works well with 96x96 images.
